1. This competition is for FIFA 20 users on PlayStation only.
2. Go to settings, then game settings, and save the Playstation ID which the opponent will search for.
3. After participating in the competition, you must be present 15 minutes before its date, in order not to miss it.
4. The opponent’s name will appear to you and you will send a friend request to him, or maybe you will find him sent you a request, accept it and start playing. In the absence of your opponent after 15 minutes, end the match and attach a photo to prove that you tried to contact him or sent him a friend request in order to be moved to the next round as a direct winner.
5. Note that the first match is valid for 60 minutes, which means that you and the opponent must start quickly because in the event of a tie and repeated the match, the second match must be completed before the 60 minutes have passed, otherwise you and the opponent will be considered withdrawn.
6. If you win, press end game button, take a screenshot of match’s result and press the win button, then take a break with a cup of hot coffee and wait for the next round.
7. If you were defeated, attached a fake image as a winner and tampering with competition terms, you will be permanently banned, and the ban is not limited to your internet ID, user name and data, but your device will be banned from using Gamzawy.
8. Do not force your opponent to use the mic and if he does not use the mic, close it on your side so as not to distract him during the match.
9. If you have a complaint from the opponent or insulting messages inside the two PlayStation devices, take a screenshot of the conversation and he will get what he deserves from the administration.
10. In the event of electricity disconnection, exit from the game, or internet disconnection, it is considered withdrawn and you can participate in the next competition.
11. You can record your own videos if you win or have a special goals and send them to the administration to post it with your name on Gamzawy YouTube channel or social media pages, knowing that the terms and privacy policy prevent participants from publishing their videos on their personal channels except after the approval of Gamzawy administration.
12. Please be sporty and not to be dissatisfied after losing, as Gamzawy administration is keen to make daily competitions in order to give you many opportunities. You cannot question our credibility under any circumstance because this will expose you to violation and ban
