1) Privacy policy:

We appreciate your concerns about the privacy of your data on the Internet and on
This policy has been prepared to assist you in understanding the nature of the data we collect about you when you use our application and how we handle this personal data.

By using Gemzawy, you agree to all the terms of this privacy policy and the "terms and condi-tions" shown on our application, and these terms obligate you to accept all terms and conditions applicable to you soon as you download the application.

The administration of the application is obligated, according to the law regulated in Egypt, and in accordance with data protection laws approved by international organizations not to disclose any personal information about the user of our application such as address, phone number, email address, etc.

The Gemzawy app is obligated not to exchange, trade any of this information or sell it to any other party as long as it is within the limits of the possible application management capabili-ties, and access to the information will only be allowed to the qualified and professional people who supervise the gemzawy application.

  

Evacuation responsibility

The user of our application declares that he is the exclusive and sole responsibility for the na-ture of the use of our application and for the integrity of the data and information that he enters or submits to the application, whether upon registration or correspondence, and the gemzawy administration disclaims all responsibility for any damage, leakage or imbalance suffered by the user as a result of using the gemzawy application.

  

Cookies and third parties

The gemzawy application may collect some data about you while registering or logging in to the application such as your cookies, or any other information that may help us to improve our application services and improve its digital appearance, and as a result of our use of Google Analytics as a third party, some information about you may be collected Defined by Google on this page - Privacy Policy.

  

External links and ads

Our application may include links to other websites on the Internet. Or advertisements from advertising companies such as Google Admobe and we are not responsible for the methods of data collection by those sites, you can see the privacy policies and contents of those sites to know the nature of the data that they collect about you.

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our app. These com-panies have the right to use information about your visits to our application (except for the name, address, email address or phone number), in order to provide advertisements about the goods and services that interest you.

  

Protect your personal data

We follow appropriate physical, electronic, technical, and security and organizational security measures, including governance forms to protect your personal data in accordance with the Da-ta Protection Act from unauthorized access to personal data, use, change, disclosure, or destruc-tion of personal data.

Please note that it is not possible to guarantee the transmission of any data via the Internet or the electronic application without any interference. In addition, you must also take appropriate measures to protect your personal data, especially by maintaining the password and its confi-dentiality. If you know or have doubts that your account credentials have been lost, stolen, em-bezzled or exposed to any other risks or if there is any actual unauthorized use of your account, please contact us by following the instructions in the "Contact Us" page

If we know or have reason to believe that your personal data has been compromised, we will promptly notify users affected by a breach in accordance with applicable laws.


Disclosure of information

We will at all times maintain the privacy and confidentiality of all personal data that we obtain. This information will only be disclosed if it is required by any law or court memorandum, and only when we believe in good faith that such a procedure will be required or desirable to com-ply with the law, or to defend or protect the property rights of this application or its beneficiar-ies.

  

Membership and payment

Gemzawy application provides memberships and registration system so that you can use our application and registration may require you to enter some information such as name, e-mail and phone number, and any other information we may see appropriate as you may be asked to pay for some services or functions and privileges in the application by means of payment pro-vided by Our application.

  

The content of the Gemzawy application

The visitor is bound by all the terms described in the privacy policy and in the terms of use, and he is obliged not to use the Gemzawy application or its properties or anything within its content in anything that violates Islamic law in any way, or for illegal purposes, for example but not limited to, such as Piracy, publishing and distributing copied material or software, deception, forgery, fraud, threat, or inconvenience to any person, company, or group, or in spreading virus-es or spyware, or placing links to sites containing such violations ..

Violating / using any part of our application as a photo / video / link or any other thing in an activity that violates intellectual property rights or defaming a person, institution or company or intentionally publishing any information that causes harm to a company, person, country or group is prohibited and not to put any part of Our application to any application or site that contains piracy materials and stolen programs and all that violates the customs and laws regu-lating,

 It is also strictly forbidden to screenshot a game play within our application even if it is a par-ticipant in it with the aim of uploading it to one of the video-sharing platforms such as YouTube and others. It is also strictly prohibited to use tools and hacks with a view to pinch a game in any way and any unlawful use of this kind will lead its owner to a ban. Also, it is not right to question the credibility of Gemzawy in the tournaments, as we created the application for everyone to enjoy and any skepticism will expose you to the ban

  

Amendments to items

We reserve the right to amend the terms of the privacy policy and terms of use without the need for your notice. Changes to the terms on this page will be considered as notification for every visitor entering our application, so be sure to keep up with reading this page to learn about the new changes.

  

Contact us

You can contact us when needed through the page designated for that or via our email, and you will need to do this process to enter your email and name and a few other necessary infor-mation, and gemzawy application is obliged not to share the entered information with any par-ty.

  

finally

Your concerns and concerns about data privacy are very important to us. We hope that all your concerns will be relieved and all your data paths will be clarified on this page.

  

2) Terms of use

The terms of use of the gemzawy application are constantly changing. Be sure to continue visit-ing this page in order to keep abreast of the changes. By entering and using our application, you implicitly agree to the terms and conditions described on this page.

All terms and conditions shown on this page are not inconsistent with any of the laws in effect in the country of Egypt or the laws of violation of privacy, intellectual property and joint own-ership in force internationally. You can learn more about this by viewing the terms of the "Pri-vacy Policy".

The terms you must abide by


(1) Introduction:

Welcome to gemzawy app, here are the terms and conditions for your use of and access to our app:

Your entry and use of our application is your approval to accept the terms and conditions of this agreement which includes all the details below and it is a confirmation of your commitment to respond to the content of this agreement of the gemzawy application referred to below as "we" and also referred to as "the application", in the rest of the terms of this page "This agreement is valid upon your entry into the application.

  

(2) Membership:

Our application proviedes a membership system that allows you, after registering in it, to enter our application and play games that are available, and you may be asked in registration to enter information such as e-mail, phone number in addition to other information.

  

(3) Service Providers:

We have the right to employ companies, individuals, and even electronic services from third parties to facilitate the management of our application ("membership management for exam-ple"), or to provide the service on our behalf, or to help us analyze how our service is used.

These third parties are entitled to access your personal data only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and they are obligated not to disclose it or use it for any other purpose.

  

(4) Amendment to the terms and conditions:

1. You know and agree that the gemzawy application makes any modification to the Terms and Conditions Agreement, according to which your obligations multiply or your rights diminish according to any modifications that may be made to the Terms and Conditions Agreement without the need to inform you.

2. You agree that the gemzawy application has absolute power and without being legally re-sponsible to make basic or subsidiary amendments to this agreement without requiring that ad-ditional approval from you, at any time and with immediate effect, without binding your news, and you can always know the modifications by referring For this page.

3. You agree that gemzawy application is a technical electronic application that allows the user to play games and participate in competitions.

4. Our application provides a paid service or a paid subscription that you may be required to pay for to enjoy all the privileges that are approved by our application or the games included in the application

5. We may use ads from third parties.

  

(5) Your personal information:

1. You agree that the gemzawy application has the right to dispose of your information within what is specified in the terms of use and in the terms of the privacy policy, permanently and irrevocably, by commenting or using the designated forms of communication, or through any email or any of the channels Available contact application. In order to operate and promote the application in accordance with the disclaimer and privacy statement.

  

(6) Copyright:

1. All content included in the application, including but not limited to texts, graphic designs, logos, button icons, symbols, sound clips, digital loads, data collected and electronic programs, is property and rights reserved either for the gemzawy application or for the entity responsible for designing the application gemzawy, the authors of this content and of its delegates, are pro-tected under intellectual and creative property rights.

  

(7) Data confidentiality:

1. The gemzawy application takes measures (concrete, organizational, and technological) to protect against unauthorized access to and preservation of your personal identity information. Knowing that the Internet is not a 100% secure, and the confidentiality of your personal infor-mation provided when registering, paying or contacting us cannot be 100% guaranteed.

 2. Our application has no control over the actions of any third party, such as other Internet pag-es linked to this application, or advertisements or any third parties.

3.You know and agree that the gemzawy application may use your information that you provid-ed with it, with a view to improving the services provided to you, and to send marketing mes-sages to you, and that the privacy statement in this application controls the collection, pro-cessing, use, and transfer of your personal identity information.


(8) Revoke the terms and conditions agreement:

The gemzawy application according to the Terms and Conditions Agreement and according to the law may resort to a temporary or permanent suspension of the content and the service it provides whatever it is or to cancel your access to the application without harming his other rights and legitimate means to recover your rights in the case of:

1. If you violate the terms and conditions agreement.

2. If the gemzawy application decides that your activities may cause you or other users and gemzawy application legal problems.

3. In the event of piracy or attempted piracy of our application, we reserve the full right to take legal measures and / or to resort to the courts of Egypt to file a case against you as deemed ap-propriate by gemzawy.

4. If you or others violate this agreement, gemzawy does not have to waive its right to take ap-propriate action for such and other similar violations. The gemzawy application does not guar-antee that it will take measures against all violations of the terms and conditions agreement.

  


(9) Illegal contents:

1. If we include a comment or chat system on the application, you are required to respect the method of use in accordance with the laws in force, and it is forbidden for you to announce your phone numbers or email through any part of the application, and this is considered a viola-tion of the terms and conditions.

  

(10) Feedback:

Our app encourages all members to apply to provide feedback (Feedback) that will help in de-veloping our application or the content provided through our correspondence, and we will make sure to take them into consideration in order to develop from the application and ease of use.

  

(11) Revoke access:

Without prejudice to his other rights and legitimate means to recover his rights, the gemzawy app can stop or cancel your access to your membership or the games included in the application / or the application as a whole at any time and without warning and for any reason, without lim-itation, and it can also cancel this agreement of terms and conditions.

  

(12) Defining responsibilities:

According to what is permitted by law, our application, its employees, managers, subsidiaries, and suppliers are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss or malfunctions arising from your use of the application. If you are not satisfied with the application or any of its contents, the solution is not to continue using it, moreover you agree that any unauthorized use of the ap-plication and its services, due to your negligence, will cause harm to the gemzawy application, and therefore the application will have to resort to the terms and conditions.

  

(13) Safety:

You agree to your use of the security gemzawy application while preserving the security of its managers, employees, agents and suppliers and protecting them from any harm that might be caused to them as a result of claims, losses, faults, costs, and expenses, occurring due to a vio-lation of the Terms and Conditions Agreement, or your violation of any law, amendments, or infringement of the rights of third parties.

  

(14) Relationship and Notices:

None of the terms of the Terms and Conditions Agreement include a reference to a partnership between you and the gemzawy app. You do not have the authority to bind the gemzawy applica-tion in any way, and that any notices you wish to send to the gemzawy application, you must send them by e-mail, without requiring the gemzawy application to reply or not reply to the email. You know and agree that any notifications sent to you from the gemzawy application will be announced on the application or by the email you provided to us during the registration process.

  

(15) Transfer of rights and obligations:

You hereby grant gemzawy the right to transfer part or all of its rights, benefits, obligations and responsibilities to other parties that work with it, without the need to refer to you, according to the provisions of the Terms and Conditions Agreement, and the gemzawy application is obli-gated to notify you about such transfers if they happen via this page.

  

 
(16) General information:

If any paragraph in this Terms and Conditions Agreement is invalid or canceled or for any rea-son it is no longer in force, then such paragraph does not revoke the validity of the rest of the paragraphs contained in the agreement. This Agreement (which is amended from time to time according to its terms) sets all outlines of understanding and agreement between you and the gemzawy application with consideration to the following:

- It is not the right of any person who is not a party to this agreement to impose any terms or conditions in it.

- If the Terms and Conditions Agreement is translated into any other language, whether on the application or in other ways, the Arabic text will prevail over it.

  

(17) Content:

The gemzawy application has full authority to publish any content it deems appropriate. The majority of the content provided by the gemzawy application is games, competitions and other topics that the administration of the application deems appropriate and without bearing any consequences as a result of the user using that content or its consequences.

The user has no right to publish a video of his  participateion in Gemzawy with the aim of prof-iting from it except after the approval of the Geimzawy administration. In the case of publish-ing without approval, the Gemzawy administration has the right to file a dispute to claim the copyright

  

(18) Governing Law and Legislation:

This Terms and Conditions Agreement is governed and drafted in accordance with the laws of Egypt, and it is completely and completely subject to the legislation in force in the Egyptian courts, and this paragraph creates an alternative that is resorted to in the event that this Terms and Conditions Agreement expires or is canceled for any reason.

  

(19) Changes:

We reserve the right, at our own discretion, to amend or replace these terms at any time. If the review is for a substance, we will attempt to provide notice at least 30 days before any new conditions become effective. What constitutes material change will be determined only at our discretion.

By continuing to access or use our service after these reviews become effective, you agree to abide by the revised terms.


(20) Disclaimers:

Your use of the application is at your own risk. The service is provided "as is" and based on "what is available". To the maximum extent permitted in accordance with applicable law, the service is provided without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or performance cycle.

Gemzawy application does not guarantee: (a) no service interruption; (b) no errors or faults; (c) the application is free of viruses or other harmful components; (d) or the service meets your requirements.

  

In the event that you have an inquiry, please write to us, and in case you do not agree to any of the terms, whether in the privacy policy or the terms of use or all of them please stop using the application.
