1. We do not accept subscription from emulators, we only accept mobile phones, tablets and iPads. In case the administration detects that you subscribed using a computer or laptop, you will be banned immediately from Gamzawy.
2. Go to settings, then go to game settings and attach a photo that clearly shows user name and ID numbers, as well as inserting ID numbers in its field and save it.
3. You must be present 15 minutes before the competition in order not to lose your participating opportunity.
4. All participants will receive the room name and password and you will click on the word “room” located next to the training button, search for the room then join it.
5. Do not make another person join instead of you or send the room data to another person so that you do not expose yourself to a permanent ban, as all competitions will be under administration supervision.
6. Do not try to insult and slander using mic so that you are not banned from using Gamzawy, as our principle is to respect everyone and if you are exposed to such act from any of our participants, send a recorded proof to the administration and it will be dealt with directly
7. In case we suspect a person or received reports about a person who uses any means of cheating in playing games such as discovering places or anything other than the normal game, he will be investigated and if confirmed, he will be banned permanently.
8. You can record your own videos if you win or have a special scenes and send them to the administration to post it with your name on Gamzawy YouTube channel or social media pages, knowing that the terms and privacy policy prevent participants from publishing their videos on their personal channels except after the approval of Gamzawy administration.
9. Please be sporty and not to be dissatisfied after losing, as Gamzawy administration is keen to make daily competitions in order to give you many opportunities. You cannot question our credibility under any circumstance because this will expose you to violation and ban.
